Send me some freshly picked white truffles from Europe
and mix them with some common mushrooms.
Get me some fresh Mediterranean bluefish tuna
but make it look like the cheap can stuff.
I want my husband to do something nice, but I don't want to freak him out.
Are you sure this is just common creamy tuna and mushroom pasta?
It looks suspicious.
Yeah, it's so normal.
It's almost as it gets.
Okay, I will leave you.
You know, like the worst case scenario is just, we both get diarrhea.
Can I ask you something?
If you have such a good taste in food, why do you have such bad taste in men?
How do you end up with that scumbag?
Actually, I don't think I love him.
I'm very grateful for him though.
Three years ago on Halloween, I got in this really bad car accident and broke my life
and he saved me when I woke up in the hospital.
He was the first person I saw.
Halloween.